(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So now we get to our first challenge exercise
of this course and this is going to be the infamous
FizzBuzz exercise.
So there's some rules that we need to define
about what FizzBuzz is.
So you're going to iterate from one to some number,
and we'll talk about the rules on what that some number is.
I'm going to ask you to print that number to the console.
Now, if the number is divisible by three,
instead of printing the number you're going to print fizz.
If the number is divisible by five, however,
instead of printing the number you're going to print buzz.
Now, of course, if it's divisible by both
you'll print FizzBuzz.
Now, how are we going to do this with Quarkus?
First and foremost,
I'm going to ask you to create a command mode application.
Then I'm going to ask you to have configuration value
for the max number.
I want you to have logging
for when the routine starts and when it finishes.
And finally, I want you to execute the FizzBuzz routine
in an injected class.
So I want you to create an injected class
that contains the FizzBuzz routine,
inject that into the run method
of our command mode application and execute it from there.
That way we can kind of touch
on the various aspects of Quarkus
while dealing with a relatively trivial exercise.
So now it's your turn and I'll be back in a few minutes
and let you know my solution to this problem.